# Project Botrylloides CSC 448

**CS:** Alex MacLean, Jonathan Schreiber

**BIO:** Brendan Hughes, Sarah Wax, Cassidy Andrasz

## Description

This repository contains the code and code generated artifacts for the Botrylloides Group investigation of the MaSurRCa hybrid assembler.

## File Structure

### [bacteria-experiments/](bacteria-experiments/)

This directory holds the setup and data of the various experiments we ran, it also holds the shared
config files.

- **[thread-count](bacteria-experiments/thread-count)** [:chart_with_upwards_trend: plots](bacteria-experiments/thread-count/Rplots.pdf) [:clipboard: raw data](bacteria-experiments/thread-count/data-11-8-2.csv) [:page_with_curl: script](bacteria-experiments/thread-count/run-experiment)
- **[jump-limit](bacteria-experiments/jump-limit)** [:chart_with_upwards_trend: plots](bacteria-experiments/jump-limit/Rplots.pdf) [:clipboard: raw data](bacteria-experiments/jump-limit/data-11-10.csv) [:page_with_curl: script](bacteria-experiments/jump-limit/run-experiment)
- **[jf-hash-size](bacteria-experiments/jf-hash-size)** [:chart_with_upwards_trend: plots](bacteria-experiments/jf-hash-size/Rplots.pdf) [:clipboard: raw data](bacteria-experiments/jf-hash-size/data-11-9.csv) [:page_with_curl: script](bacteria-experiments/jf-hash-size/run-experiment)
- **[kmer-size](bacteria-experiments/kmer-size)** [:chart_with_upwards_trend: plots](bacteria-experiments/kmer-size/Rplots.pdf) [:clipboard: *E.coli* raw data](bacteria-experiments/kmer-size/ecoli-data-11-8.csv) [:clipboard: *Listeria* raw data](bacteria-experiments/kmer-size/listeria-data-11-13.csv) [:page_with_curl: script](bacteria-experiments/kmer-size/run-experiment)
- **[read-count](bacteria-experiments/read-count)** [:chart_with_upwards_trend: plots](bacteria-experiments/read-count/Rplots.pdf) [:clipboard: raw data](bacteria-experiments/read-count/data-11-12.csv) [:page_with_curl: script](bacteria-experiments/read-count/run-long-read-experiment)

### [scripts/](/scripts)

The scripts directory holds some shared helper scripts that many of the experiments use

- **[run-config-experiment](/scripts/run-config-experiment)** - Main helper script used for many of the config experiments, given some parameters about what values to set for what parameter runs an experiment using the `assemble-with-stats` helper script. 
- **[assemble-with-stats](/scripts/assemble-with-stats)** - Assumes it is run in a directory containing an `assemble.sh` file generated by a call to `masurca`. Runs that script and times it, then looks through the logs to generate time breakouts, also runs `quast` and records some quality stats. Prints all results to the console in csv row format. If the "header" option is specified prints the csv header.
- **[cleanup-experiment](/scripts/cleanup-experiment)** - Run in a directory of an experiment, removes all the trial files, containing the masurca assemblies, and removes the `nohup` output.
- **[graphs.R](/scripts/graphs.R)** - R script file containing methods to plot graphs of data generated from a csv file from many assemble-with-stats runs. Contains a function to graph N50 plus Genome Size estimate, # contigs, and runtimes with breakouts.
